[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: The next thing we're
gonna talk about a little bit is type
checking.
So it's really useful to
know when a something,
some variable or
some property is of type something else.
And how JavaScript provides ways for
doing that and
what jQuery also helps you with for
doing type detection.
So we talked a little bit
already about typeof.
Which is great that you can do typeof
something that is a number and
get back a number.
And the instanceof function we
learned about that checks if
something is an instance
of something else.
And what you mean by in instance
of an JavaScript is really that on
its proto chain,
somewhere on its proto chain there's
an object that is the constructor
function's prototype.
[COUGH] There's other
ways that you can kind of
check it out to that more or
less sometimes work.
But the weird thing about JavaScript and
this is something that
jQuery helps you with,
is sometimes you're in
a multi-frame environment.
Right, you've got a pop up window or
you've got an iframe on the page and
you want to communicate back and forth.
The issue that I'll show here,
so here I've created an iframe.
And I'm getting the iframe's
array constructor function and
I'm saving it as _Array.
And I'm creating a new instance of _Array.
If I do typeof arr it gives me object as
we know arrays are always type of object.
But if I do arr as instanceof
the normal array I get false.
So if you're writing code that you want
to be able to work with like
arrays from other iframes,
it can be very tricky to tell
if something is an array or
not.
>> Justin Meyer: So, yeah,
all these things would fail.
So what jQuery provides is a way that
you'll can always know no matter what
host, really what you call these iframes
are kind of like host environments.
It's like a different,
it's almost like the constructor
functions in that environment.
Those array constructor functions
are different than the array constructor
function in your main window.
What jQuery provides is a way to tell if
the array is actually arrayed no matter
what host environment it came from.
So to do that, you can do it yourself by
doing Object.prototype.toString.call.
This is basically stealing
Object.prototype's toString method,
but calling it on an array
instead of an object.
And that will always
give you [object Array],
no matter what host environment
this array came from.
This is like the true way of checking
if something's an array or not.
So we're gonna implement our version
of $.isArray, jQuery isArray.
So this should return true if
it's passed a normal array but
should also return false
if it's arguments.
But it should also return true if you
get an array from a different frame,
it should also return true.